c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\JsonWebToken.dll.config
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\JsonWebToken.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\JsonWebToken.pdb
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\VinEcom.User.PublicClient.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\obj\Debug\JsonWebToken.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\obj\Debug\JsonWebToken.dll
c:\Users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\JWT\JsonWebToken\obj\Debug\JsonWebToken.pdb
